High school senior Walter Gibson  and his best friend Lance  are celebrating the fact they are moving on to college, but all Gibson can do is lament the fact th
at he has lost his touch with women. Lance heads to UCLA while Gibson moves on to college in New England. The two keep in touch by writing letters, but Gibson’s
 luck has not changed. His attempt to get close to Alison Bradbury  from his English class by tricking her into tutoring him only results in his angering and al
ienating her. Eventually he receives a phone call from Lance telling him to come to California for Christmas break because he has set him up with the beautiful 
girl , assuring him she is a Sure Thing. Gibson finds a ride from a ride share board to make the trip. He immediately knows it is going to be a long trip when h
e meets Gary Cooper  and Mary Ann Webster , the couple providing the ride, as they are overly extroverted and upbeat. Things go from bad to worse when he realiz
es he will be sitting next to Alison as she heads to UCLA to visit her boyfriend Jason . The tension and constant bickering between Gibson and Alison quickly be
come too much for Cooper, and he abandons them on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere. As they hitch to California, they overcome issues with transpor
tation, weather, lack of food, lack of money, and sleeping arrangements, while at the same time developing genuine feelings for one another. Upon arriving in Ca
lifornia, Alison discovers the real reason Gibson is making the trip is to meet his Sure Thing and angrily runs off. That night at a college mixer Lance has arr
anged for Gibson to meet his Sure Thing. Meanwhile, Alison is spending a boring night with Jason when she drags him to the same mixer for some fun. Alison and G
ibson see each other at the party, but jealousy leads to a confrontation between the two. Gibson takes the Sure Thing to Lance's room, but cannot stop thinking 
about Alison. Back on campus after the break, Alison and Gibson are obviously uncomfortable around each other. In their English class, Professor Taub  reads an 
essay composed by Gibson as a writing assignment, which is a description of his night with the Sure Thing. The girl in the essay asks the protagonist if he love
s her, but for the first time he realizes that those are not just words and he cannot sleep with her. Alison realizes what actually happened that night, and the
y kiss.


Christopher Jones stars as rock singer and aspiring revolutionary Max Frost . Frost's band The Troopers live together with him, their women, and others in a spr
awling Los Angeles mansion. The band includes his 15-year-old genius attorney Billy Cage ([[Kevin Coughlin  on lead guitar, ex-child actor/girlfriend Sally LeRo
y  on keyboards, hook-handed Abraham Salteen  on bass guitar and trumpet, and anthropologist Stanley X  on drums. When Max is asked to sing at a televised polit
ical rally by Kennedyesque Senate candidate Johnny Fergus , who's running on a platform to lower the voting age from 21 to 18 , he and the Troopers appear &mdas
h; but Max stuns everyone by calling instead for the voting age to become 14, then finishes the show with an improvised song, "Fourteen Or Fight!", and a call f
or a demonstration. Max's fans  stir to action, and within 24 hours protests have begun in cities around the United States. Fergus' advisors want him to denounc
e Max, but instead he agrees to support the demonstrations, and change his campaign &mdash; if Max and his group will compromise, accept a voting age of 15 inst
ead, abide by the law, and appeal to the demonstrators to go home peaceably. Max agrees, and the two appear together on television, and in person the next day u
sing the less offensive mantra "Fifteen and Ready". Most states agree to lower the voting age within days, in the wake of the demonstrations, and Max Frost and 
the Troopers campaign for Johnny Fergus until the election, which he wins by a landslide. Taking his place in the Senate, Fergus wishes Frost and his people wou
ld now just go away, but instead they get involved with Washington politics. When a Congressman from Sally LeRoy's home district dies suddenly, the band enters 
her in the special election that follows, and Sally  is voted into Congress by the new teen bloc. The first bill Sally introduces is a Constitutional amendment 
to lower the age requirements for national political office &mdash; to 14, and "Fourteen Or Fight!" enters a new phase. A joint session of Congress is called, a
nd the Troopers  swing the vote their way by spiking the Washington water supply with LSD, and providing all the Senators and Representatives with teenaged guid
es. As teens either take over or threaten the reins of government, the Old Guard  turn to Max to run for President, and assert his  control over the changing ti
de. Max again agrees, running as a Republican to his chagrin, but once in office, he turns the tide on his older supporters. Thirty becomes a mandatory retireme
nt age, while those over 35 are rounded up, sent to "re-education camps", and permanently dosed on LSD. Fergus unsuccessfully attempts to dissuade Max by contac
ting his estranged parents , then tries to assassinate him. Failing at this, he flees Washington with his remaining family, but they are soon rounded up. With y
outh now in control of the United States, politically as well as economically, and similar revolutions breaking out in all the world's major countries, Max with
draws the military from around the world , puts computers and prodigies in charge of the Gross National Product, ships surplus grain for free to third world nat
ions, disbands the FBI and Secret Service, and becomes the leader of "the most truly hedonistic society the world has ever known". The final moments of the film
 indicate, however, that Max and his cohorts may face future intergenerational warfare from an unexpected source.


  The cartoon begins with Spike sleeping beside his son Tyke. When Tyke suddenly wakes up, Spike comforts him back to sleep again. Just then, Tom and Jerry ente
r the scene. Tom runs through a door and into some spades, rakes and hoes, as Jerry hides among Spike and Tyke. To find Jerry, Tom lifts Tyke up to look underne
ath the little bulldog. Spike sees Tom manhandling his son, runs onscreen up to Tom and yells out "Hey, you! That's my boy you got in your hand!" Tom realizes t
hat he has Tyke in his hands and smiles nervously, attempting to run off, but Spike grabs Tom by the whiskers and issues him an ultimatum: "Listen, pussy cat. I
f I catch you bothering my boy again, I'll tear you apart. Now beat it!" Tom gets the message, and runs off in the opposite direction hitting everything - a tre
e a fountain,etc. He finally makes it and hides in a trash can. Jerry emerges from behind Tyke and walks off casually until Tom comes running back. Jerry takes 
cover by diving into a sleeping Spike's mouth...at least, that's what Tom is led to believe. Tom places his hand carefully in Spike's mouth while the dog is sle
eping. It turns out that Jerry was hiding between Spike's arms. He puts his hands on the bottom of Spike's jaw and slams the bulldog's jaws shut with Tom's hand
 still in Spike's mouth. He yelps in pain and Spike wakes up. Tom struggles to get his hand out of Spike's mouth. Eventually, he does, pulling out Spike's teeth
. Tom looks nervously and uses Spike's teeth as castanets while doing a Flamenco dance out of the scene and placing them on a pail.  In the next scene, Tom spie
s Jerry sleeping next to Tyke. Hiding behind Tyke's kennel, he reaches out for Jerry. Jerry, knowing that Tom is about to grab him, moves Tyke's tail into Tom's
 grip, so that Tom ends up grabbing Tyke. After running off with the little pup, moments later, Tom realizes his mistake. He turns around to see a sleeping Spik
e feeling for Tyke. Tom rushes back into Tyke's place, taking on the role of Tyke so Spike doesn't know that he took Tyke. Jerry then lifts up Tyke's kennel and
 slams it on Tom's tail. Tom yells in pain, and Spike picks him up and pats him on the back. "There, there, son. Ain't no cat gonna hoot you, no sir" not realiz
ing that he is holding Tom. Just then, Tyke walks back onto the scene and whimpers. Spike looks at Tom suspiciously, realizing that he is not his son at all. So
 Tom whimpers in the same manner as Tyke. Then Tyke yaps, which Tom also does. Finally, Tyke growls and woofs, to which Tom growls, but accidentally meows he pu
ts his paw over his mouth hoping Spike didn't notice . The game is over, and Spike finally realizes, but Tom bites him on the nose and runs off. Tom sets a rake
, if Spike chases him, he will be hit at the trap. But, Spike is running forward. Knowing that he lost his opponent, Tom goes back, but he is hit in the rake. I
n the next scene, a piece of steak being transported across a washing line, and the movement is controlled by Tom. The steak stops moving, directly above Spike'
s nose , that he can smell it. Tom moves the steak back towards him, and Spike, still sleeping, is entranced by the smell of the steak, following it, all the wh
ile with his eyes closed. Jerry is wise to what's going on and tries to stop the hypnotized Spike. He drags him by the tail, but ends up getting his own head ca
ught in a tap. Then he knocks on Spike's eyelids and opens his eyelid, but the bulldog does not respond. Finally, Jerry ends up being stomped flat. Tom lures Sp
ike into a garden shed and barricades the door so that Spike can't get out. He snickers evilly, and chases Jerry. Which he ended in a barrel. Tom then catches J
erry, trapping him inside an upturned barrel. However, without Tom noticing, Jerry escapes through the side of the barrel and puts Tyke under the barrel instead
. Spike breaks through the shed door and rushes up to Tom angrily, demanding "Where's my boy?!" Tom responds as if to say "I don't know". "If he's under that ba
rrel, I'll skin ya alive!" Spike warns. Tom confidently attempts to lift up the barrel, until he hears a whistle, and looks to his side to see Jerry lying on a 
nearby fence. Realising he's in trouble, Tom gulps in great panic. "Come on, lift it up!" Spike yells. Tom struggles to do so, so Spike lifts up the barrel for 
him, and behold, Tyke is lying underneath it wagging his tail at his father. Tom runs off but before he can escape, the bulldog corners him and skins him alive.
 The cat is screaming in pain as he is skinned alive. In the final scene, Tom has literally been skinned alive, and is wearing a barrel to cover his lack of fur
 tapping his hand on a bat and peeking out in a hole in the fence. Tom's fur is being used as a snug rug by a sleeping Spike, Tyke and Jerry, who hangs a "DO NO
T DISTURB" sign over Spike's ear and snuggles up between the father and son and sleeps.


Los Angeles housewife and mother Mabel loves her construction worker husband Nick and desperately wants to please him, but the strange mannerisms and increasing
ly odd behavior she displays while in the company of others has him concerned. Convinced she has become a threat to herself and others, he reluctantly commits h
er to an institution, where she undergoes treatment for six months. Left alone with his three children, Nick proves to be neither wiser nor better than his wife
 in the way he relates to and interacts with them or accepts the role society expects him to play.


A newspaper shows Porky traveling to Africa to hunt the rare do-do bird, worth four trillion dollars. Porky uses his airplane to go to Dark Africa, then Darker 
Africa, and finally lands in Darkest Africa. When Porky lands, a sign tells him that he's in Wackyland , while a voice booms out "It can happen here!" Porky tip
toes along the ground in his airplane and he is greeted by a roaring beast, who suddenly becomes effeminate and dances away into the forest. He watches as  the 
sun is lifted above the horizon by a tower of stacked creatures. Nearby, another creature rises out of a tall flower, playing "The William Tell Overture", using
 his nose as a flute. The creature launches into a wild drum solo, which brings out many strange, weird, and oafish creatures, including a rabbit dangling in mi
dair from a swing that seems to be threaded through its own ears, and an angry criminal imprisoned behind a free-floating barred window that he holds in his han
ds. As Porky tries to find the do-do, he is distracted by a duck singing "Mammy!", a horn-headed creature, and a conjoined cat and dog hybrid creature spinning 
around like a tornado. Finally, the do-do appears. Porky tries to catch it, but it plays tricks on him. The do-do pulls out a pencil and draws a door in mid-air
, and instead of opening it and running through, reaches down and lifts up the bottom edge of the door like a curtain, darts underneath and lets it snap back in
to place for Porky to bump into. At another point, the do-do appears on the Warner Brothers shield logo and slingshots Porky into the ground. Porky is defeated 
when the do-do pulls a wall of bricks in the picture and lets him crash into it. At the end of the film, Porky triumphs when he disguises himself as a bearded p
aperboy, shouting "Extra! Extra! Porky captures do-do!", before hitting the bird with a mallet. Porky loudly proclaims that he has captured the last do-do. The 
do-do mockingly replies, "Yes, I'm really the last of the do-dos. Ain't I, fellas?". A multitude of do-dos appear, all agreeing. They howl, which allows the do-
do to escape and stand on Porky's head.


Chico Mendes is a Brazilian rubber tapper, unionist and environmental activist who was murdered in 1988 by ranchers opposed to his activism.


The film is set in 1940s Shanghai and Hong Kong. Bai Liu-Su  is an introverted divorcée who has her fair share of misery after breaking up with her good-for-not
hing husband. Her large, extended family feels she has shamed them through divorce. Her situation at home has become unbearable. A charming Malayan businessman 
based in Hong Kong, Fan Liu-yuan , who is always surrounded by women, happens to visit Shanghai and becomes interested in Bai after chancing on her through mutu
al friends. Fan sees in Bai what many others don't and tries his best to make her fall in love again. A middle-aged couple tries to match make the two. Bai take
s a gamble and decides to visit Hong Kong with the Japanese invasion of China looming, willing to risk all just to get out of her awkward family situation, even
 though she fell for Fan, future was uncertain. It is only through surviving war-torn Hong Kong as civilians that the two realize that they truly love each othe
r.


In this darkly romantic ghost story, a woman  travels to an isolated cabin where she finds herself stalked by an apparition  who has come to inhabit her space a
s his own. With the unexpected arrival of the woman's boyfriend , the dark spirit's haunting grows more obsessive. Soon the woman begins to exhibit weirdly irra
tional behavior as the thin line between sanity and possession begins to unravel.


J. Field Mouse tells his grandchildren the story of a mouse whose greed and dishonesty became his undoing. Feigning blindness and playing the fiddle, he collect
s enough money to live an opulent lifestyle. His home, marked by a shabby exterior, turns out to be a mansion where he lives it up with his riches. All the fidd
ler's luxury is in jeopardy when the tax assessor knocks on the door. The fiddler hurriedly presses a series of buttons to hide his opulence and make his home l
ook like a hovel. He succeeds in confusing the tax assessor to the point that he flees in frustration, but an eavesdropping cat plays on the fiddler's greed and
 lures him into his jaws by placing a gold coin there. And that, says J. Field Mouse to his grandchildren, was the end of the greedy mouse. But one of his grand
children notices a gold  tooth hanging on display and realizes that things weren't quite what they seem. The cartoon appears in Blue Ribbon re-release as The Fe
lla with a Fiddle.


A solar flare from the sun sends a serpentine alien of fire to Earth, where it begins to wreak havoc among a small community in its search for more fuel, in the
 form of a large military oil reserve for fuel.


Plagued by a ten year-old legendary story of the mysterious murder of Devon Anderson, this community still harbors curiosity when the current victims and the ev
idence surrounding their murders appears to be very similar to what happened to Devon and the parents accused of murdering him. Did Devon Anderson die? That is 
the question. How did Devon's lovestruck, deranged, abusive parents get off for his murder when all the evidence pointed to them? And who killed them in turn? T
his legendary event causes strife in the tiny city, but also leaves a trail of questions and enough obscurity to keep a community still scared, obsessed by the 
tragic event and concerned that it is happening again. With more people dying and all the similarities mounting, the legend of Devon's ghost has surfaced and se
nt an already suspicious community into a tailspin. Convinced that Devon Anderson is alive and the murderer, Josh and Symphony, along with their friends, stay o
ne step ahead of the authorities and try to find Devon, to stop him from killing again. Not really knowing what is setting the guy off, they narrow down that ev
ery couple was attacked while being affectionate. They have to do something quick, before they too become victims. With the police and the media just assuming i
t's a copycat crime, they must face Devon alone and re-open old emotional wounds, and hunt down their once-classmate. But Devon is much too smart and too strong
, and running is not an option. The only way to get Devon is to fight back together.


A prison inmate  receives early release only to immediately rejoin his former criminal comrades in a heist. In the hour or so he rekindles a romance with an old
 flame  and realizes the "good ol' days" with his partner in crime  just might not have been so good.


In 1941, 16-year-old IRA volunteer Brendan Behan  is going on a bombing mission from Ireland to Liverpool during the Second World War. His mission is thwarted w
hen he is apprehended, charged and imprisoned in Borstal, a reform institution for young offenders in East Anglia, England. At Borstal, Brendan is forced to liv
e face-to-face with those he perceived as "the enemy," a confrontation that reveals a deep inner conflict in the young Brendan and forces a self-examination tha
t is both traumatic and revealing. Events take an unexpected turn and Brendan is thrown into a complete spin. In the emotional vortex, he finally faces up to th
e truth.


Zarak Khan  is the son of a chief who is caught embracing one his father's wives Salma . Zarak's father sentenced both to torture and death but they are saved b
y an Imam . The exiled Zarak becomes a bandit chief and an enemy of the British Empire.


Duane Balfour ([[Douglas Smith  was born into a family of misfortune, in the prairie town of Ridgeburg. After losing a high school election against his enemy Ch
ad, he decides to run for mayor against Chad's grandmother&mdash;Ridgeburg's Mayor Milton , who has been the incumbent for a ridiculously long time. Duane and a
 homeless man are the only two competing with Mayor Milton. Duane has a long-standing resentment against Milton because she approved his father's shooting by th
e police. His father had become violent while trying, without success, to warn Milton and the townsfolk that the town's namesake ridge would soon collapse due t
o heavy mining and insect tunneling. With the support of his brother Maurie  Duane tries, and fails, to win the election. After withdrawing from the race he and
 his uncle  drive back to Duane's house from Ridgeburg's ridge. The camera pans down underground, showing an insect removing a rock from a tunnel under the ridg
e. This triggers a landslide, leading to the implosion of the ridge, which Duane and his uncle see from the back of their truck. The next morning, prior to the 
election results being announced, it is revealed Mayor Milton has had a heart attack after seeing the ridge collapse, presumably since she realized that Duane's
 father was right all along. Later in the day it is announced that the homeless man has become mayor with three votes, Milton's votes being deemed invalid and D
uane having dropped out of the election.


After saving the life of his employer, Jagjit Singh alias JJ , Harikishan  is promoted with a wage increase that he had only dreamt of. Anxious to please his em
ployer Harikishan agrees to have his name changed to Harry, and does anything that he is instructed to do. Soon Harry realises that he has been aiding his emplo
yer in illegal activities. When he tries to break away, he is told that his mom  is and will be held captive to guarantee his cooperation. Harry must now come u
p with a scheme that will guarantee his safety as well as the freedom of his mom, and at the same time save himself from being arrested by the police.


Dear J is about an evangelist, James Jamisin , who must cope with the unexpected death of his agnostic girlfriend: Paige . To sort things out, James admits hims
elf into Logous Psychiatric Institute, where he replays a make-believe Trial in his mind over and over again. The Trial is presided over by a no-nonsense imagin
ary Judge  and is animated by an array of off-the-wall characters. Some of the witnesses called to the stand are inspired by real-life individuals, like the lit
erary scholar and apologist C.S. Lewis . Throughout the movie, his psychologist, Dr. Frolick  tries to get him to open the letter Paige wrote to him just before
 her death—a letter he has been carrying around and refuses to read. Trouble brews when the head of the institute, Dr. Donovin , plans on foiling all attempts t
o bring James to a resolution.


Justice  is a young woman living in South Central, Los Angeles. She was named Justice by her late mother, who gave birth to her while attending law school. Afte
r the shooting death of her boyfriend Markell ([[Q-Tip , Justice falls into a deep depression. She spends the majority of her time in the house she inherited fr
om her grandmother, with her cat White Boy, only going out to her job at a local hair salon. Justice is a talented poet, she reads many of her poems throughout 
the course of the film, both to other characters and in voice over. Justice is at the hair salon working one day when a young postal clerk named Lucky  comes in
 and begins flirting with her. She rebuffs his advances with the help of her female boss; the two women pretend to be lesbians and mock Lucky with their "relati
onship". Lucky has also had tragedy in his life, his main focus is caring for his young daughter Keisha. He had to forcibly remove her from the care of her moth
er, a crack addict who was using drugs and having sex with her drug dealer while leaving the child unattended in the apartment. Lucky dreams of a professional c
areer in music and shows considerable promise, but he insists his cousin is the true talent. Justice's friend Iesha  manages to talk Justice into taking a road 
trip to Oakland with Iesha's boyfriend Chicago , and Lucky's co-worker at the post office. Justice warily accepts, mainly because she has to go to Oakland for a
 hair show, and her car dies at the last minute. Unbeknownst to Justice, Lucky is Chicago's co-worker also on the trip, and she will now be sharing a postal van
 with him and their two mutual friends. Initially they argue, but over the course of the film soften towards each other as they discover their similarities. The
 foursome make a couple of detours, the first being a family reunion barbecue they see signs for on the road. Here it becomes apparent  that Iesha and Chicago's
 relationship is troubled. Lesha openly flirts with other men at the barbecue, while Chicago broods watching her behavior. The second stop is a beach where each
 of the four characters contemplate their separate situations in internal monologues. Next they stop at an African Cultural Fair where Lucky and Justice grow cl
oser as they discuss their lives. After leaving the fair, the friction between Chicago and Iesha explodes when a drunken Iesha informs Chicago she has been seei
ng someone on the side and he physically attacks her. Lucky initially decides not to get involved in the fight until Justice defends Iesha by kicking Chicago in
 the groin, and Chicago turns his physical brutality on Justice in retaliation. Lucky, Justice, along with a bleeding and shaken Iesha leave Chicago by the side
 of the road and continue on their journey. When Lucky stops the postal van, Justice goes to see what's wrong. She begins opening up to him about her life and L
ucky becomes sympathetic. They share a kiss and Justice walks away apparently unsure of her feelings for Lucky. She goes back to him and they share another kiss
. When the now-threesome arrive in Oakland, they are met with the news that Lucky's cousin, with whom he had been working on recording music, has been killed. L
ucky blames himself for not being in Oakland sooner, believing he could have prevented the shooting had he been in town. He turns his anger on Justice, angrily 
blaming her for distracting him while they were on the road. Some months have passed, and we meet up with Justice again back at the hair salon, just at the mome
nt Lucky brings in his daughter Keisha. Lucky is remorseful over his conduct in Oakland and the cruel words he said to Justice there. He asks her forgiveness. S
he smiles at him and they share a passionate kiss. Justice smiles coyly, and then turns her attention to Keisha, fussing over her hair. Justice and Lucky's eyes
 meet over Keisha's head and they smile, their connection as strong as ever.


While his beautiful girlfriend  is at work, an artist Alan Street  has to fend off the advances of his amorous female neighbours.


Wounded and on the run, notorious gunman Quirt Evans gallops onto a farm owned by Quaker Thomas Worth and his family and promptly collapses from exhaustion. Whe
n Quirt urgently insists upon sending a telegram, Thomas and his daughter Penelope drive him into town in their wagon. After wiring a claim to the land recorder
's office, Quirt kisses Penny and then passes out. Ignoring the doctor's advice to rid themselves of the gunman, the compassionate Worth family tends to the del
irious Quirt, and Penny becomes intrigued by his ravings of past loves. Days later, Quirt regains consciousness and Penny patiently explains the family's credo 
of non-violence. Three weeks later, Laredo Stevens and Hondo Jeffries ride into town looking for Quirt. When Penny's younger brother Johnny rushes home to infor
m Quirt of his visitors, Quirt quickly prepares to flee, and Penny, now smitten with Quirt, offers to run off with him. At the sound of approaching horses, Quir
t grabs his gun and discovers that it has been emptied. Training his gun on the doorway, Quirt calmly greets Hondo and Laredo. Thinking that Quirt has the upper
 hand, Laredo, who has come for Quirt's deed to the land, offers to buy his claim. When Quirt sets the price at $20,000, Laredo hands over $5,000 in gold and ch
allenges him to come for the balance when he is able – if he has the nerve. The implication is clear.  Afterward, Quirt saddles his horse with the intention of 
leaving, but when Penny begs him to stay, he changes his mind. Later, while helping with the farm chores, Quirt learns that cantankerous rancher Frederick Carso
n has dammed up the stream that runs through the valley, thus draining the Worths' irrigation ditches. Immediately proceeding to the Carson ranch, Quirt demands
 that Carson open the dam, and Carson, intimidated by Quirt's reputation, complies. Soon after, water flows onto the Worths' land, and in gratitude, Mrs. Worth 
treats a boil on Carson's neck and plies him with baked goods. This newly attained accord between neighbors gives Quirt a sense of accomplishment. One Sunday, P
enny asks Quirt to join the family for a ride. Before they leave, Marshal Wistful McClintock comes to question Quirt about a stagecoach robbery and the family s
wears that Quirt was with them at the time of the robbery. The marshal then asks Quirt why he resigned as Wyatt Earp's deputy, sold his ranch and crossed over t
o the wrong side of the law soon after cattleman Walt Ennis was gunned down by Laredo in a saloon brawl. When Quirt refuses to answer, the marshal leaves. Penny
 then begs Quirt to steer clear of Laredo and he acquiesces because of his love for her. As Quirt and the Worths ride to the Quaker gathering, Quirt's erstwhile
 sidekick, Randy McCall, stops them along the trail and decides to tag along. While the Quakers commence their meeting, Randy tells Quirt that Laredo plans to r
ustle a herd of cattle and suggests that they then steal the herd from Laredo and let him take the blame. As Randy finishes outlining his plot, Mr. Worth awards
 Quirt with a Bible for ending the feud with Carson. Fearing that he will never be able to live up to Penny's expectations, Quirt abruptly leaves with Randy. Re
aching the pass just as Laredo's gang gallops down to stampede the herd, Quirt and Randy attack the rustlers and steal the herd from them. In the town of Rim Ro
ck that night, Quirt and Randy celebrate their victory with showgirls Lila Neal and Christine Taylor. When Lila, sensing a change in her old flame, teases Quirt
 about his Bible, Quirt becomes angry and rides back to the Worth farm. Overjoyed by his return, Penny throws her arms around him just as the marshal arrives to
 question Quirt about the rustling. Quirt states that Lila can provide him with an alibi, causing Penny to become jealous. Although the marshal warns Quirt that
 he is the wrong man for Penny and will inevitably wind up at the end of a rope. But, out of respect for Quirt, he will be sure to use a new rope. Quirt decides
 to propose to her anyway. Instead of replying, Penny invites Quirt to join her picking blackberries. As they wander through the bushes, Quirt, prodded by Penny
's questions, recalls his childhood. Reared by the kindly Walt Ennis after his parents were massacred by Indians, the young Quirt found himself alone once again
 after Ennis was murdered in a saloon fight. His story completed, Quirt and Penny begin the journey home when their wagon is ambushed by Laredo and Hondo. Spook
ed, the horses gallop out of control, causing the wagon to plunge over a cliff into the river, temporarily submerging both Penny and Quirt. When Penny develops 
a life-threatening fever due to the accident, Quirt straps on his pistol and rides to town to exact revenge. After Quirt leaves, Penny's fever suddenly breaks, 
and she regains her lucidity. In town, Quirt is about to draw down on Laredo and Hondo when Penny and her family arrive in their wagon. No longer driven by reve
nge, Quirt surrenders his gun to Penny. As Laredo and Hondo prepare to gun down a now-unarmed Quirt, McClintock appears and shoots them both. After Quirt renoun
ces lawlessness in favor of farming and rides off in the Worths' wagon with Penny, the marshal picks up Quirt's discarded weapon from the dust. He says he will 
hang it on his office wall – "with a new rope."


Diana Armstrong , a young, unwed mother struggles to make enough money to pay for her college education. Diana ends up working at a shoe store, when she meets R
onnie , and Tricks , two shady bisexual strippers that work for Dolla Bill  at The Players Club. They convince Diana she would make better money stripping, by s
aying "use what you got to get what you want". Dolla Bill gives Diana a job giving her the name Diamond. Everything is fine until four years into the game her c
ousin Ebony Armstrong  comes to live with her. After listening to Dolla's rendition of "The Strippin' Game", she starts working at the club. Ebony soon gets out
 of control, excessively drinking, staying out all night and getting more influenced by Ronnie and Tricks, who encourage Ebony to do more out of club parties fo
r groups of men. Diana tries to warn Ebony to stay away from "those two" and quit doing house parties, but Ebony declines being told what to do, choosing to ign
ore Diana's advice as well as coldheartedly reminding her about the time when Ronnie sexually took advantage of Diana when she was passed out at a previous part
y. Further tension develops between Ebony and Diana when Diana returns home one night after fleeing her obsessive customer Myrin, to find Ebony in bed with her 
boyfriend Lance. Diana chases Lance out with her gun, and kicks Ebony out of her apartment. Diana then begins dating Blue , a DJ at the Player's Club. Meanwhile
, Ebony is offered a gig to dance at Ronnie's brother Junior's  bachelor party, under the pretense from Ronnie that other girls from the club will be dancing th
ere too. When she realizes that she will be the only woman there in a hotel room full of hungry men, she desperately tries calling Diana to come and pick her up
, but Diana doesn't, still being mad with her. Reggie  and his friend Clyde , both feeling dissed by Diana and Ebony from a previous encounter, lie to Junior th
at Ebony will have sex with him, claiming that they "ran a train" on her. Excited, Junior bursts in on Ebony while she is changing. Ebony resists and Junior bea
ts and rapes her. Ronnie discovers this and they both flee the hotel room. Later, Diana has a change of heart and she and Blue decide to check up on Ebony at th
e hotel, only to discover her bloody and unconcsious body on a bed. This proves to be the last straw to Diana, who was growing tired of the stripper game anyway
. Angered, she grabs her gun and goes to the Players Club, where Ronnie and Tricks are hiding out. After scaring the other strippers away, Diana gives the gun t
o Blue to cover her while she gets into a brutal fistfight with Ronnie and ultimately wins, leaving Ronnie a bloody mess. She personally quits in front of Dolla
 Bill, punches Tricks and leaves along with Blue. Ronnie and Tricks are arrested by the police on charges of prostitution and accessories to kill, and Junior ha
s been picked up as well. Later that night, Diana's timing proves to be perfect when a gangster who Dolla Bill owes money to, the wheelchair-bound St. Louis, co
mes to collect. He personally shoots up the club . After his thugs grab Dolla and throw him into the trunk of a car, St. Louis has his henchman Brooklyn  destro
y the club with a LAW rocket. A year passes afterward and Diana has moved on with her life. She's gotten Ebony a job working at a shoe store. She continues to d
ate Blue, and has become a successful news anchor of the city.


The film opens as Bobby James with friends Phones, Hoppy, Gordo, and a myriad of extras skate to work on the Venice, California boardwalk. Meanwhile in Beverly 
Hills, Terry Barkley, genius flautist is also heading towards the beach in her Excalibur Phateon car. She also is joined by her stuck-up girlfriend Lana. Bobby 
is skating on the boardwalk with a female friend when he encounters Terry. But she remains aloof and spurns his advance. Later they meet at a local skating rink
 called Jammers. During a near catastrophic skating incident where Bobby saves the day, she gives in. Terry wants to pay him to teach her how to skate for the R
oller Disco contest. Even though they share a flirty, romantic couples skate, later on she rebuffs him yet again. The next day has both Terry and Bobby getting 
flack from their respected friends and family. She has had enough and goes to the beach. She finds Bobby there, practicing a jump and turns on the charm. He sha
res with her his dream to become an Olympic Roller Skater. They end up making out on the beach. Bobby asks her if she's going to pay him for sex as well, which 
garners a mighty slap in return and she takes off. Terry goes home and has a row with her mother. She wants to give up her dreams of playing Classical Flute at 
Juilliard School and win a roller disco contest at the beach. Her mom is shocked, enough so she needs a Valium. Terry decided to run away. The next morning, she
 calls and invites Bobby to breakfast where she apologizes. He wants to skate with her, but on his terms: no money; he calls the shot. Through a series of outdo
or scenes we see them work together to form a routine. Unfortunately, Jammers is about to be sold to a ruthless mob developer. Bobby and Terry are clued into th
is plot and try to get her father, a lawyer, to help. But he refuses. The skaters find evidence to kill the deal and race to get it to the cops on time. They do
, the mobsters are hauled off and the Boogie Contest is on. Terry and Bobby skate their routine and win. Later on, back at the beach Terry and Bobby share a sad
 goodbye. Both promise to write each other as she heads off to New York City and him to the Olympics.


Shankar, a wealthy bachelor falls in love with Menaka, a middle class girl. Shankar's father oppose this relationship, as he wants his son to get married to Kal
aranjini. Mohan Lal played Shankar's friend. The film had a tragic end and had songs.


Deputy John Johnson   is a rookie in the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department and the first black deputy  at the station to which he is assigned. Racial tensions ru
n high in the department as some of J.J.'s fellow officers resent his presence. His only real friend is the other new deputy , the first female officer to work 
there , who also suffers similar discrimination in the otherwise all-white-male work environment. When J.J. becomes increasingly aware of police corruption duri
ng the murder trial of Teddy Woods , who he helped to arrest, he faces difficult decisions and puts himself into grave personal danger in the service of justice
.


In 1977, in Montreal, the scared writer Wilbur Gray  visits his publisher Frank Richards  to disclose his new book about the evilness of cats. Wilbur tells that
 the felines are supernatural creatures, and that there is a saying in which the cat would be the devil in disguise. Wilbur tells three tales to illustrate his 
thoughts: In 1912, in London, Miss Malkin is a wealthy woman that rewrites her will leaving her fortune to her cats rather than to her nephew Michael. Her maid 
Janet, also mistress of Michael, steals one copy of the will from the lawyer's briefcase and tries to destroy the original copy which is kept in the safe. When 
Miss Malkin sees her attempt, Janet kills her but the cats ultimately avenge Miss Malkin. In 1975, in the Province of Quebec, the orphan Lucy comes to live with
 her aunt Mrs. Blake, her husband and her cousin Angela after the death of her parents in a plane crash. Lucy brings her only friend, a cat called Wellington, b
ut her mean cousin forces her parents to get rid of it. Lucy uses her mother's book of witchcraft to get her revenge. In 1936, in Hollywood, the actor Valentine
 De'Ath  replaces the blade of a fake pendulum to kill his wife and also actress and give a chance to his young mistress and aspirant actress. His wife's cat av
enges her. Finally, Gray leaves the manuscript of his book with Richards, but on the way home he too is killed by a group of cats. Richards' own feline pet comp
els him to burn the book , before making him get a bowl of milk. 'I can't deny you anything, can I,' says Richards, fondly.


The Gang competes in their version of the Olympics. As the boys try their hand at shot put, pole vault, and hurdles, Wheezer arrives and begins to teach Minnie 
how to do a Razzberry. They secretly razzle the Gang, and the gang keeps beating up an outsider who they accuse of the razzles. Farina tries the shot put, then 
later exhibits an exceptional pole vault. Joe has troubles with the pull up bar and a javelin. Peggy and Jean arrive to cheer on their hero, Joe. A rival gang a
ppears and begins to pelt the kids with eggs and tomatoes. The Gang returns fire and hilarity results. They eventually catch Wheezer and Minnie razzing them; an
d they confront Wheezer. Wheezer sics Minnie on the Gang as they run away, Minnie on their heels.


Vicky  is the son of Halvar , chief of the Viking village of Flake. Halvar is a strong and big warrior who measures the strength of people through muscles. Vick
y, on the other hand, is a small but very smart boy who always has to prove his father that ingenuity of a man can meet muscles. One day the village of Flake fa
lls under attack, and all the children – including Vicky’s girlfriend Ylvi  – are kidnapped except for Vicky himself, so Vicky, his father Halvar and the other 
Vikings of the village decide to go out and try to rescue them.http://www.wickie.film.de/ The kidnappers turn out to be Sven the Terrible and his band of Viking
 pirates, who are hunting for a legendary treasure, and in order to gain it, they need the assistance of a child who has never spoken a lie in his or her life. 
Whilst in pursuit, the Flake Vikings pick up a young Chinese girl and an obnoxious bard  for company, and together they succeed in rescuing the children, outsma
rting Sven and escaping back to Flake with the treasure .


 A doctor's daughter has been kidnapped by a maniac and buried alive. The doctor must race against the clock to find and rescue her before her air runs out and 
she suffocates. Everything leads up to a surprise ending.


The story is set deep in the Andhra Pradesh countryside, in the West Godavari. Swarnalata  is a classically trained Carnatic singer who lost her son and best fr
iend in a bus accident. Swarnalata is still haunted by her loss, and keeps herself shut in her grand house for twenty years, too depressed to meet people or eve
n sing. Eventually her dead friend's son Abhinay  returns to the village to open up barely healed wounds. Abhinay and his girlfriend Pinky  are both musicians, 
albeit with more modern tastes, and are itching to make it big. Abhinay knows of Swarnalata's skill in Carnatic music and wants her to sing with his band in a f
usion piece, and after much persuasion Swarnalata agrees. The young couple slowly bond with Swarnalatha as they play together, and slowly their common wounds ar
e put behind them. On the day of concert Swarnlata's husband books a taxi, which breaks down and they are forced to take the bus to city. Swarnalata gets trauma
tized and starts screaming with fear and faints. Abhinay and Pinky are devastated when Swarnlata fails to show up for the show, with the organizers kicking them
 out. Pinky decides to go back to the villageand finds Swarnalata frail and ill, filled with guilt of not showing up. She consoles her, while Swarnlata repeated
ly apologises. Her helplessness irritates Pinky and she pushes Swarnalata in her car and drives across the bridge to show her that there is nothing to fear. Mea
nwhile in the city Abhinay has planned another concert, this time with only Pinky as main performer. Pinky starts singing and she is joined by Swarnalata on the
 stage. A side plot involving Pinky and her city slicker mother  add comedy into an otherwise serious and thoughtful film. The film was photographed by Rajiv Me
non and edited by A. Sreekar Prasad. Music was composed by Mani Sharma.


Ram ,a final year B.E student studying in Bellary comes to visit his joint family in Mysore in the vacation. His cousin's marriage is fixed. But his cousin love
s another NRI Boy . Knowing this Raam helps his cousin to get her married to her lover. His uncle gets angry and throws him out of the house. He goes back to hi
s university. He sees a girl  and falls in love at first sight. His friend gets depressed on losing his lady love as her parents disapproved their marriage and 
fixed her marriage with another boy. Ram decides to bring her and get her married to her friend. He goes to R.R. Kalyana Mantapa kidnaps the bride unconscious a
nd brings her. And later gets to know that he has kidnapped the wrong bride. When Ram saw the girl he becomes happy for it was the girl Pooja  he loved. When sh
e gained conscious she is extremely happy as she did not wanted to get married. She forces Ram and his Friends to leave her to the Bus stand. To escape from the
 goon Ram and pooja gets lost in the forest. They find the way out of the forest and leaves her to the Bus Stand where he meets his friend. They leave Pooja and
 carry on. She calls her friend and gets to know that it takes 15 days for her visa to get ready. She is depressed. Some goons follow her. She runs. Ram and his
 friend rescue her. He tells her to stay in his house by lying to them that she is an orphan and Shastri who is Ram's family friend brought her up in his ashram
a. She tells the same to Ram's family. Later Ram apologises to his uncle and comes back. Love blossoms between them. Elders decides to get them married. They ta
ke her to Shastri's ashrama to talk about the marriage proposal with him. While some Men take her away in spite of being protected by Ram's family members. Late
r Ram tells the truth about what was going on. they decide to help Pooja. The people who takes Pooja away are attacked by some other men. The other Man take her
 away. Raam beat him from his back and he is unconscious. She tells him her story. Pooja's father's 2 sisters were married to Pooja's mother's brothers. The 2 b
rothers get separated due to a property fight. And Pooja grows up in America And she is the sole heiress of 100 crores. Her parents die in an accident. Then she
 comes to India to live with her uncles. But come to know that the 2 brothers are separated. The 2 brothers want to get their sons married to Pooja for her mone
y. Both fight for this. By that time Ram had kidnapped her from marriage hall. After knowing this Ram promises her that he will marry her in the presence of her
 uncles without violence using his brain. He joins her uncles house as an accountant. Ram's uncle and aunt comes in disguise as Chicago Chandrashekar and his wi
fe and asks for Pooja's Uncle's son for their nonexistent daughter. They tells him that they own 150 crores. Knowing this Pooja's uncle leaves Pooja for his bro
ther's son. While Ram's parents come and in disguise as Dollar Dinesh who is Chicago Chandrashekar's brother and asks for Pooja's second uncle's son for their n
onexistent daughter. Pooja's second uncle agrees. Ram's last uncle comes as Swiss Bank manager and lies that Pooja's father had taken a loan of 150 crore. Pooja
's uncles decide to get her married to Ram as he had no money. They get her married to Ram in Grand manner. After the marriage they come to know the truth and r
egret their mistake and ask Pooja for forgiveness. Her uncles unite and bless the newly married couple and thank Ram and his family for teaching them a lesson a
nd send Pooja with Ram and his family to Mysore.


